(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 2)
Where am I?
I don't have my cellphone.
How creepy.
How will a person get away with murder at a place like this?
This is the blind spot.
After...
the main character lures the culprit to this spot...
My gosh, it's not here either.
- Where's the sea snail restaurant? - My gosh, I'm sorry.
I heard it's nearby.
I'm on my way home.
- Could I... - I'm almost home.
We're in front of Gyeongbok Palace,
but she's not here. She didn't go home either.
What do we do? She's so bad with directions.
She doesn't even know places she's been to before.
You're quite amazing.
How did you make your way out?
Are you trying to survive?
I'll live just like you.
How pretty.
Are you even scared?
You scared me!
It's nothing compared to how much you scared me.
Why are you mad at me?
Because I am.
What are you talking about? I didn't mean it that way.
Then what do you mean?
I said "jagi" as a pronoun. You.
I didn't say "jagi" as its other meaning, "honey".
Same with me. I meant the pronoun.
What's wrong with you?
Why are you angry with me? Why are you making fun of me?
I was so happy to see you that I almost ran into your arms.
Do you know how scared I was?
I walked and walked, but I was walking in circles.
Do you know how many times I've been here already?
We were searching for you for three hours.
Won Joon and Hong Ah are waiting for you too.
Give me your phone.
I don't have one.
Why not?
There are people without phones these days?
I can't afford it.
Your shoes are probably more expensive than cellphones.
That watch looks like it's a brand too.
We must disagree on how we use money.
Let's not talk about it.
I tend to respect other people's values.
Really? Then why did you say that?
- I don't know. - You don't know.
You have a strange habit.
It's not nice to pick on people's words.
Let's not criticize one's values either.
Well, I normally respect other people's values.
Then why did you say that?
Let's go. Follow me.
Right, do this too. We have to stretch before running.
Can't we just walk?
- No, we can't. - Gosh.
It's raining.
Speed up. That way you'll dodge the rain.
I saw it on "Curious World"...
that you get just as wet whether you run or walk.
It'd be foolish to run in order to dodge the rain.
I'm a huge fan of "Curious World". This has got to be the truth.
Please fall for it.
Let's walk. I'm tired.
Are you dumb?
If you get to your destination fast, you won't be as wet.
Don't you take speed and time into consideration?
Maybe "Curious World" didn't teach you those things.
You're smart. You didn't fall for it.
It feels like an insult to hear it from someone dumb.
How old are you? You look younger than me.
Why are you bringing up age all of a sudden?
Do you...
want me to hold your hand?
No.
I don't want to run while holding a stranger's hand either.
Fine, let's run.
One, Two, One, Two.
Five.
Gosh, it's pouring.
There.
It's a great night to murder.
There are no CCTV cameras here.
Who are you trying to kill?
It's my homework from my boss.
I'm an assistant writer.
Do you want to go out with me?
Are you crazy?
I'm not crazy.
I'm crazy if I ask you out?
Yes, you are. You can't be sane.
You hardly know me, and you're asking me out?
What do I have to know?
Your age? Alma mater?
I'm 23. I've already served in the army.
Stop, stop.
You're young, so you might think outer appearance is everything...
when it comes to dating.
It's true that you're pretty,
but I wouldn't ask every pretty woman out.
I can understand you're taken by surprise...
by this sudden proposal.
However, I'm not taking this lightly.
What time is it now?
It's 12:37am.
We were at Gyeongbok Palace at around 7:40pm,
and that's when we first met.
If it's 12:37am now...
It hasn't even been five hours.
Out of those 5 hours, we properly talked for 30 minutes.
And you're saying you're serious?
It only took me a minute to choose cooking as my vocation.
Falling in love at first sight is a physical love. It's dangerous.
That's why it's hard.
And since it's hard, I'm not taking this lightly.
I can't agree with you about the physical part,
since I don't know much about it.
You're really good at talking. And I thought I was pretty good.
I would have fallen for it if I was a bit younger.
Then fall for it.
Why do you want to date me?
You just said you won't date just any pretty woman.
My heart is falling for you.
Why are you talking so casually?
You started it.
I started first, didn't I?
I didn't notice.
Does it make you mad that I asked you out?
I feel like I was looked down on.
A younger guy asked me out.
Do I look so easy to everyone?
Am I dropping to that low level?
Is it that great to be old?
I never said that.
You can't control getting aged.
I didn't ask you to help me. Gosh.
Do you really not feel anything?
How can you ask out a woman when you don't even know her name?
- Jung Sun, you found her. - Are you okay, Hyun Soo?
Yes.
My name is On Jung Sun.
What is your name?
I'm going to refuse...
the offer you made today.
You're all wet. My gosh.
Be confident.
No one in this world deserves to criticize you.
I'm so excited to be back in Korea. It's been so long since I last came.
Don't you have a family here?
I have a son.
He's the only person who's always on my side.
Hey. The halibut is really fresh today.
What do you think?
I like them. I'll take five.
You always take just enough for one serving.
I'm going to use them for today's lunch menu.
Okay. Just a second.
Your idea got picked.
Thank you.
I really like the scene where he gets murdered with climbing irons.
I think it'll be a great scene.
This is only a draft,
so we're going to give it to the director after we edit it.
I don't think it'll require much editing. It's fun already.
It's really relieving.
It's better because she succeeds in taking a cruel revenge.
- It's very cathartic. - Yes.
But she's the main character.
So?
I think it's a bit too brutal.
The scene itself is fun, but I think it harms the character.
The logic of "Become a monster to defeat a monster"...
is popularly used in many movies and dramas these days.
It just feels like we're only following the trend.
- You're really good at... - This is why...
you can't make it.
We're not following the trend.
We're just depicting human nature.
And our drama's storyline is focused on that.
But up until now, your writing was...
based on a premise that human nature is fundamentally good.
That means the main topic has changed.
Why is the topic important?
What's important is the main character.
Must I teach an amateur like you every single thing...
in the process of trying to finish my work?
I'm sorry.
Is there anything new?
We have a special menu today. Would you like to try it?
Let me try it.
It needs a bit more seasoning.
I made it a bit bland on purpose to bring out the taste of halibut.
It's for a VVIP customer. He almost always eats by himself.
He doesn't want to get disturbed while eating.
How strange. Food tastes better when you eat it with someone.
Don't experiment with this dish. Just follow the norm.
Please respect my way of cooking.
I respect you, but I'm saying this because it's business.
To me, it's not business.
[VIU Ver] E02 Temperature of Love "Will You Be My Girlfriend?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You don't need to pay today.
Why not?
You didn't even finish your meal.
You must've not enjoyed it. Actually, I didn't cook it.
I know it was cooked by a new chef.
You knew?
It tasted really nice.
He did a good job in bringing out the taste of halibut.
I enjoyed it.
Then why did you...
Because it hurt my pride.
I didn't like the fact that I was starting to eat like a pig.
I'll tell him that.
No, I'll tell him myself.
I should be the one to compliment him on his cooking.
Gosh, you're eating really well for someone who just got scolded.
Getting scolded and eating are two very different things.
You seem more approachable when you eat.
I'm always approachable. You just don't like me that much.
You don't look like a writer. You're pretty.
- Hello? - Hey.
Back in the day, people used to beat you up if you were pretty.
At least we don't beat you up.
What? Really?
My gosh, thank you. I'll be waiting for your call.
What's going on?
Hey, I got nominated.
My gosh, I can't believe this.
- Congratulations! - I can't believe this.
What's going on? Did something happen?
Gi Da got nominated.
My goodness.
Congratulations. I'm so happy for you.
Thank you. This is all thanks to you.
No, it was all you. I knew you'd get nominated this time.
Hyun Soo, didn't you get a call yet?
No.
Who's getting a call? What if someone got nominated again?
- Hyun Soo, it's your phone. - Hyun Soo.
- Hurry up, and pick up. - Okay.
Why aren't you answering?
It's my younger sister.
Her hobby is to ruin my life.
Congratulations.
I'm so happy for you.
I told you not to call me out like this.
I have a favor to ask you.
I asked Hyun Soo to come here.
So?
The results for SBC's Drama Writing Contest came out today.
But she didn't get nominated, so I want to cheer her up.
And?
Please make something spicy.
I couldn't see anything spicy on your menu. She likes spicy food.
I think you're misunderstanding something.
I'm an employee who works here.
I don't have the right to do what I want in the kitchen.
You can't just come in here like this. Who told you the passcode?
Sung Eun did.
Hey, I noticed Gi Da's work got nominated.
- Did you know? - Move your feet.
They all went to eat. I'm also going to go as soon as I'm done with this.
Hey, you made it to the semi-finals.
Show me your script. I'll tell you what you did wrong.
Then you'll be able to do better on the next contest.
Just focus on taking care of your own career.
My gosh, you're so aggressive.
You must be really upset about not getting nominated.
Don't worry.
Let me see. Abracadabra.
I see someone special in your near future.
What are you talking about?
- Thank you. - You're so polite.
I learned that I need to be polite to succeed in life.
You're going to make a debut as a director soon.
You should also practice being polite.
You should just worry about your own debut as a writer.
You'll be able to make a living as soon as you make a debut.
You can just write absentmindedly after your first piece of work.
You're giving me such a great lesson.
It's a fact. Writers these days earn money so easily.
They'll write any kind of lowly drama for money.
Writers aren't the only ones who make dramas.
Writers and directors work together to make whatever drama they make.
Does a drama need to have a certain genre for it to be classy?
Does it need to deal with social corruption for it to be elegant?
I don't think you deserve to say that.
You can't write melodramas.
That's why I'm having trouble debuting.
I've failed to read the trend that's been coming down for decades.
I've never been so disregarded in my life.
I'm sorry, Jung Woo. We tend to be like this whenever we meet.
You make it sound as if we're really close.
You must like to be precise.
Yes.
Then you must like accuracy too.
You should work with us. No.
You should work with me.
Why?
What do you mean? You should accept it right away.
You're just an assistant writer. You shouldn't be like this.
Just because I'm an assistant writer,
it doesn't mean I should accept any offer that comes my way.
I have a previous engagement.
It was nice meeting you.
I'm sorry. I don't feel comfortable enough to shake your hand.
Hey, wait.
Jung Woo, I'm sorry.
She'll become a writer.
She's rude enough to be one.
Hyun Soo, you're here.
It's nice here.
This is the most popular place in Hongdae.
What would you like?
(Main Dishes, Cod with cheese sauce, 29 dollars,)
(lobster, 48 dollars, beef steak 55 dollars)
It's too expensive.
They're French dishes.
You're a writer. You should try food like this.
You ate something, right?
I ate salad.
Then let's leave now. I'll treat you when I win the contest.
Hyun Soo, my parents are rich. Have you forgotten that?
How could I ever forget that?
Anyway, I want to eat here when I can afford to treat you.
Where are we going? I'll tell Jung Sun to join us.
Get your bag.
Years go by
Come out now.
Or I'll go home.
Okay.
It feels so good now that I ate spicy food.
My head feels clear.
Why isn't Jung Sun coming?
Let's go now. Some guy has been waiting for you.
I'm sorry, Hyun Soo.
My plan was to drink with you all night long.
Cheers.
How much is it?
- No way. I'll pay. - It's 30 dollars.
Here you go. Keep the change.
- Are you going home? - You're here.
Hyun Soo, where are you going?
You should go this way.
Isn't it that way?
No, it's this way.
She's terrible with directions.
Guys, I'll get going now.
- Hyun Soo, see you later. - Okay.
Jung Sun, see you later.
- See you. - Bye.
Goodbye.
Where do you live?
Why do you ask?
Don't be afraid. I won't ask you to be my girlfriend again.
Who's afraid?
How do you go home from here?
Let me see. I'm at Yeouido,
and I live in Yeonnam-dong.
I need to take a bus over there.
You have to take a bus over here to go to Yeonnam-dong.
You're wrong. That direction is right.
I may be bad with directions, but I've been coming here for years.
Do you think I don't even know how to go home from here?
(Yeonnam-dong, Yeouido Station)
I also live in Yeonnam-dong.
I'm sorry.
I always have to see something through in my way.
That's the same for me.
My name is Lee Hyun Soo.
It sounds like a boy's name, right?
I'm On Jung Sun.
It sounds like a girl's name, right?
You told me your name before.
I know.
But this is a new start.
I guess you can get over someone quite easily.
If I don't, I can't move on.
When I quit my job,
I thought I would become a writer quickly.
I underestimated life.
I had never failed any tests.
I love Yeouido.
I said that I will dance in Yeouido Park...
when I win the screenwriting contest.
However, I don't think I'll have a chance to do that.
I feel like I'm a garden tiger moth...
that flies into fire knowing it could die.
Despite that feeling,
even if I die,
I still want to go into the fire.
What are you doing?
What do you think I'll do?
Since you haven't called me, I thought you couldn't find him.
You found his bank details. You made a progress.
Please speed things up.
I miss my son.
Why did you take me here?
Practice the dance you'll do when you win the contest.
You must be out of your mind.
(We thank Jang Hyun Sung for his guest appearance.)
("You Are" by Seung Hee of Oh My Girl)
(Temperature of Love)
Let's eat together.
Are we going all the way to Beolgyo to eat cockles?
How can you take a day off while the drama is in season?
For the past 10 years, I've never seen anyone so evil like you.
Hey, give Hyun Soo her stuff.
I meant to accept it, but this is too much.
I feel like it's not enough.
- Give me money. - Get out of my house.
What kind of wench is she? Who made you like this?
I'd like to kiss you.